docs: update current release processes (#6203)
urbit/urbit: README.md

A running Urbit "ship" is designed to operate with other ships peer-to-peer.
Urbit is a general-purpose, peer-to-peer computer and network.

This repository contains the [Arvo Kernel][arvo]

For the Runtime, see [Vere][vere].

> For Landscape (the UI), see [Garden][gard].

Reviewer: Wondering if we should specify with a bit more detail, like "the software management UI", or "the homepage UI". Although both of those are still too narrow, because it includes _backend_ software, for notifications, S3 settings, etc.

Also, are we _really_ doing "garden" as the repo name? Have we not suffered enough?? urbit/landscape is archived, we could obliterate it and replace it with ""garden"".

Author: Yeah, I can do that. We have the ok to move garden from the urbit org to tloncorp now, I can rename it to landscape as part of that.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this one entirely from the list, since it's not part of "Urbit" in the same way that these others are.

> For Landscape (the UI), see [Garden][gard].

Reviewer 3: There's also a question of whether to redirect to Groups/`tloncorp` repos here as well, particularly given the equivocation around the name "Landscape" over the years.

Reviewer 3: And I assume we should make reciprocal links from those...

Author: Yeah - Josh asked to just remove those so I did

For more on the identity layer, see [Azimuth][azim].
To manage your Urbit identity, use [Bridge][brid].

## Install

To install and run Urbit, please follow the instructions at

> [urbit.org/install][start]. You'll be on the live network in a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[urbit.org/getting-started][start]. You'll be on the live network in a
```

few minutes.

> [start]: https://urbit.org/install/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[start]: https://urbit.org/getting-started/cli/
```

## Contributing

Contributions of any form are more than welcome!  Please take a look at our
[contributing guidelines][cont] for details on our git practices, coding
styles, and how we manage issues.

You might also be interested in joining the [urbit-dev][list] mailing list.

## Release

For details about our release process, see the [maintainers guidelines][main]

[arvo]: https://github.com/urbit/urbit/tree/master/pkg/arvo
[azim]: https://github.com/urbit/azimuth
[brid]: https://github.com/urbit/bridge
[herb]: https://github.com/urbit/urbit/tree/master/pkg/herb
[vere]: https://github.com/urbit/urbit/tree/master/pkg/urbit
[list]: https://groups.google.com/a/urbit.org/forum/#!forum/dev
[cont]: https://github.com/urbit/urbit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[main]: https://github.com/urbit/urbit/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md

> [gard]: https://github.com/urbit/garden

Reviewer 2: remove
